[docs] Fixes issue #72389 (#78858)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/tips_tricks/sample_setup.rst

Sample Ansible setup
********************

> You have learned about playbooks, inventory, roles, and variables. This section combines all those elements, and outlines a sample setup for automating a web service. You can find more example playbooks that illustrate these patterns in our `ansible-examples repository <https://github.com/ansible/ansible-examples>`_. (NOTE: These elements do not have to use all of the latest features, but are still an excellent reference.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have learned about playbooks, inventory, roles, and variables. This section combines all those elements, and outlines a sample setup for automating a web service. You can find more example playbooks that illustrate these patterns in our `ansible-examples repository <https://github.com/ansible/ansible-examples>`_. (NOTE: These examples do not use all of the latest features, but are still an excellent reference.).
```

        - common
        - webtier

> With this setup, you can configure your entire infrastructure by running ``site.yml``. Alternatively, to configure just a portion of your infrastructure, run ``webservers.yml``. This is analogous to the Ansible ``--limit`` parameter but a little more explicit:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this setup, you can configure your entire infrastructure by running ``site.yml``. Alternatively, to configure just a portion of your infrastructure, run ``webservers.yml``. This is similar to the Ansible ``--limit`` parameter but a little more explicit:
```

Organizing for deployment or configuration
------------------------------------------

> The sample setup illustrates a typical configuration topology. When you do multi-tier deployments, you will likely need some additional playbooks that hop between tiers to roll out an application. In this case, you can augment ``site.yml`` by playbooks like ``deploy_exampledotcom.yml``. However, the general concepts still apply. With Ansible you can deploy and configure using the same utility. Therefore, you will probably reuse groups and keep the OS configuration in separate playbooks or roles from the application deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sample setup illustrates a typical configuration topology. When you do multi-tier deployments, you will likely need some additional playbooks that hop between tiers to roll out an application. In this case, you can augment ``site.yml`` with playbooks like ``deploy_exampledotcom.yml``. However, the general concepts still apply. With Ansible you can deploy and configure using the same utility. Therefore, you will probably reuse groups and keep the OS configuration in separate playbooks or roles from the application deployment.
```

Consider "playbooks" as a sports metaphor -- you can have one set of plays to use against all your infrastructure. Then you have situational plays that you use at different times and for different purposes.

.. _ship_modules_with_playbooks:

Using local Ansible modules
---------------------------

> If a playbook has a :file:`./library` directory relative to its YAML file, you can use this directory to add Ansible modules that will automatically be in the Ansible module path. This is a way to keep modules that go with a playbook together. For example, see the directory structure at the start of this section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a playbook has a :file:`./library` directory relative to its YAML file, you can use this directory to add Ansible modules automatically to the module path. This organizes modules with playbooks. For example, see the directory structure at the start of this section.
```
